The work presents the data processing process and the prediction of athletes' results in the 100 m run, which was performed using machine learning methods. The data used in the work were downloaded from the website using web scraping. Data related to the players were obtained, such as the country they represented and their date of birth, data related to the competition, e.g. wind strength, competition city, as well as weather data, e.g. temperature and pressure. Correlation, mutual information and the Lasso method were used to select the most appropriate features. Using Python and the pytorch library, machine learning models were built: MLP and LSTM with different numbers of hidden layers, and then they compared how their number affects the average absolute error. It was also checked how the number of features and the number of records influence the size of the error, starting from the entire set of 581277 records and ending with data presenting the results of only one sprinter, consisting of 21 records. The optuna library was used to determine the values of hyperparameters such as the number of epochs and the optimization method. A GUI was also created enabling the user to enter the athlete's parameters and another one showing the athlete's predicted result. Based on many experiments, it turned out that increasing the number of hidden layers, reducing the number of records and features had a positive effect on the prediction result, and higher predictions were achieved using LSTM models than MLP. In the best attempt made for 9 players, the median of the mean absolute error was equal to 0.055s. Such high accuracy allows us to believe that the techniques used in the following work could also be used to predict results in other athletics competitions, which could be used by coaches, bookmakers and athletes.